The vast majority of people here are working with us.
We won before the game started.
Get what cooperation
That's right.
General Director Zhang, you see that my money has been spent here.
On the new site of the new city Giang Vinh.
So you see.
Total fee peace of mind.
I guarantee that your company's investment will absolutely not meet the standards.
That's good.
General Director Jiang also has us.
And us.
Rest assured.
Jiang Bay Group we've done it all.
I can assure you.
Before you invest and before you are about to complain
It will return to your hands ten times a hundred times.
Our Giang Vinh Group will absolutely not disappoint any partner.
Why is it still there?
That's right, General Director Ha.
Maybe you should also support General Director Jiang.
Ha ha ha ha ha
It's done.
Laugh first, I'm leaving.
General Director Lee
Never talk again.
I have a plan.
Are you sure?